was not to love about my job I think the big three things that come to
mind would be the experience and guidance that you offer that you're
able to offer a fellow sailors and that would be you know subordinates
peers and sometimes even seniors you know outside of that the travel
I've been and been to places and I've seen things that you know
my parents will never see have never seen I think it's helped me grow
as a person tremendously another thing would probably be the the
the benefits that come with being a you know servicemen the the pay
not to mention the career development but also the opportunities that
you know come with you know being a a and a sailor which would be
you know the networking opportunities been able to you know have friends
all over the world you know family all of the world